itemGroup.Tab_ICF=ICF

tile.icf.icfBlock.black.name=Block of Black ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.red.name=Block of Red ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.green.name=Block of Green ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.brown.name=Block of Brown ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.blue.name=Block of Blue ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.purple.name=Block of Purple ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.cyan.name=Block of Cyan ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.lgray.name=Block of ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.gray.name=Block of Gray ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.pink.name=Block of Pink ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.lime.name=Block of Lime Green ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.yellow.name=Block of Yellow ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.lblue.name=Block of Light Blue ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.magenta.name=Block of Magenta ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.orange.name=Block of Orange ICF
tile.icf.icfBlock.white.name=Block of White ICF

tile.icf.icfOre.platinum.name=Platinum Ore
tile.icf.icfOre.tin.name=Tin Ore
tile.icf.icfOre.silver.name=SilverPlatinum Ore
tile.icf.icfOre.aluminum.name=Aluminum Ore
tile.icf.icfOre.copper.name=Copper Ore
tile.icf.icfOre.nickel.name=Nickel Ore
tile.icf.icfOre.sulfur.name=Sulfur Ore
tile.icf.icfOre.saltpeter.name=Saltpeter Ore

tile.icf.icfMetalBlock.blockendimandium.name=Block of Endimandium
tile.icf.icfMetalBlock.blockenderium.name=Block of Enderium
tile.icf.icfMetalBlock.blockenderiumpaste.name=Block of Enderium Paste
tile.icf.icfMetalBlock.blockbronze.name=Block of Bronze
tile.icf.icfMetalBlock.blockaluminum.name=Block of Aluminum
tile.icf.icfMetalBlock.blocktin.name=Block of Tin
tile.icf.icfMetalBlock.blockcopper.name=Block of Copper
tile.icf.icfMetalBlock.blocknickel.name=Block of Nickel
tile.icf.icfMetalBlock.blocksilver.name=Block of Silver
tile.icf.icfMetalBlock.blockweakenedquartz.name=Weakened Block of Quartz
tile.icf.icfMetalBlock.blockplatinum.name=Block of Platinum

item.icf.ingot.platinum.name=Platinum Ingot
item.icf.ingot.tin.name=Tin Ingot
item.icf.ingot.silver.name=Silver Ingot
item.icf.ingot.aluminum.name=Aluminum Ingot
item.icf.ingot.copper.name=Copper Ingot
item.icf.ingot.nickel.name=Nickel Ingot
item.icf.ingot.bronze.name=Bronze Ingot
item.icf.ingot.enderium.name=Enderium Ingot
item.icf.ingot.endimandium.name=Endimandium Ingot

item.icf.Dustdiamond.name=Diamond Dust
item.icf.Dustemerald.name=Emerald Dust
item.icf.Dustiron.name=Iron Dust
item.icf.Dustgold.name=Gold Dust
item.icf.Dustlapis.name=Lapis Dust
item.icf.Dustendimandium.name=Endimandium Dust
item.icf.Dustplatinum.name=Platinum Dust
item.icf.Dusttin.name=Tin Dust
item.icf.Dustsilver.name=Silver Dust
item.icf.Dustaluminum.name=Aluminum Dust
item.icf.Dustcopper.name=Copper Dust
item.icf.Dustbronze.name=Bronze Dust
item.icf.Dustnickel.name=Nickel Dust
item.icf.DustnetherQuartz.name=Nether Quartz Dust
item.icf.Dustsulfur.name=Sulfur
item.icf.Dustcoal.name=Coal Dust
item.icf.Dustobsidian.name=Obsidian Dust
item.icf.Dustlead.name=Lead Dust
item.icf.Dustsaltpeter.name=Saltpeter
item.icf.Dustgranite.name=Granite Dust
item.icf.Dustdorite.name=Dorite Dust
item.icf.Dustandesite.name=Andesite Dust
item.icf.Dustenderium.name=Enderium Dust
item.icf.Dustreplication.name=Replication Dust

item.icf.Misc.ICFCast.name=ICF Cast
item.icf.Misc.FilledICFCast.name=Filled ICF Cast
item.icf.Misc.Silicon.name=Silicon
item.icf.Misc.EndimandiumICFCast.name=Endimandium Cast
item.icf.Misc.AcidPaste.name=Acid Paste
item.icf.Misc.DryAcid.name=Acid Powder
item.icf.Misc.EnderPaste.name=Ender Paste
item.icf.Misc.EnderiumPaste.name=Enderium Paste

item.icf.durable.silver_knife.name=Silver Knife

item.cheese_wheel.name=Wheel of Cheese
item.cheese_sandwich.name=Cheese Sandwich
item.pork_back.name=Pork Back
item.slice_of_cheese.name=Slice of Cheese
item.slice_of_bread.name=Slice of Bread
item.slice_of_raw_bacon.name=Raw Slice of Bacon
item.slice_of_cooked_bacon.name=Cooked Slice of Bacon
item.fried_egg.name=Fried Egg
item.bacon_egg_cheese=Bacon Egg & Cheese Sandwich

item.endimandiumHelmet.name=Endimandium Helmet
item.endimandiumChestplate.name=Endimandium Chestplate
item.endimandiumLeggings.name=Endimandium Leggings
item.endimandiumBoots.name=Endimandium Boots

item.aluminumHelmet.name=Aluminum Helmet
item.aluminumChestplate.name=Aluminum Chestplate
item.aluminumLeggings.name=Aluminum Leggings
item.aluminumBoots.name=Aluminum Boots

item.SwineHammerEndimandium.name=Endimandium Swine Hammer
item.SwineHammerBronze.name=Bronze Swine Hammer
item.SwineHammerAluminum.name=Aluminum Swine Hammer

item.PickaxeAluminum.name=Aluminum Pickaxe
item.AxeAluminum.name=Aluminum Axe
item.HoeAluminum.name=Aluminum Hoe
item.SwordAluminum.name=Aluminum Sword
item.ShovelAluminum.name=Aluminum Shovel

gui.config.main=ICF Configuration
gui.config.category.gen=Ore Generation
gui.config.category.blocks.tooltip=Select which ICF ores will generate
gui.config.gen.platinum.name=Generate Platinum Ore
gui.config.gen.tin.name=Generate Tin Ore
gui.config.gen.silver.name=Generate Silver Ore
gui.config.gen.aluminum.name=Generate Aluminum Ore
gui.config.gen.copper.name=Generate Copper Ore
gui.config.gen.nickel.name=Generate Nickel Ore
gui.config.gen.sulfur.name=Generate Sulfur Ore
gui.config.gen.saltpeter.name=Generate Saltpeter Ore
gui.config.gen.platinum.comment=Boolean for generating platinum ore
gui.config.gen.tin.comment=Boolean for generating tin ore
gui.config.gen.silver.comment=Boolean for generating silver ore
gui.config.gen.aluminum.comment=Boolean for generating aluminum ore
gui.config.gen.copper.comment=Boolean for generating copper ore
gui.config.gen.nickel.comment=Boolean for generating nickel ore
gui.config.gen.sulfur.comment=Boolean for generating sulfur ore
gui.config.gen.saltpeter.comment=Boolean for generating saltpeter ore